Cleanup Haskell deploy page (#633)
CleverCloud/doc.clever-cloud.com: partials/language-specific-deploy/haskell.md

### Dependencies

Make sure to list all your dependencies in your `.cabal` file.

For the example above, you need:

```cabal
executable myfirstapp
    main-is: Main.hs
    build-depends: base
                 , scotty
```

### Cached dependencies

You can enable dependencies caching by adding the `CC_CACHE_DEPENDENCIES=true`.

It is enabled by default only for rust and haskell applications.

> To disable dependencies caching completely by removing the `CC_CACHE_DEPENDENCIES` environment variable or by setting it to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable dependencies caching completely, you can remove the `CC_CACHE_DEPENDENCIES` environment variable or by setting it to `false`.
```

> To fully remove cached dependencies, you have to rebuild your application from scratch.

Reviewer: Are you sure dropping the CC_CACHE_DEPENDENCIES variable isn't enough?

Author: Well I am not sure, I am just confident with a rebuild and restart which make sure that it will drop the cache.

Reviewer: Rebuild + restart won't "remove" the cache, the deployment will just ignore downloading it. But the next deployment will still use the cached dependencies if `CC_CACHE_DEPENDENCIES=true`.

I think it may be better to tell users to set `CC_CACHE_DEPENDENCIES=false` to completely disable the cache and use "rebuild + restart" if they need to not use the cache for one deployment only.
